Camera movement:
(done)Top down at a slight angle. Similar to diablo.
(done)Needs to follow the users character as they move.
(done)No delay in follow. Should be exactly on character as they move.
(done)No rotations or anything needed.

World:
(done)Floor. Just use a basic flat plane.
(done)Make sure there is a border that the user can't pass.

Character:
(done)Start with a capsule.
It needs to be able to move up/down/right/left in relation to the world, not the player. Left it at moving in relation to the player on accident.
(done)Movement should be using arrow keys.
Character rotation needs to match direction of movement.

Abilities:
Simple left click to fire a projectile in the direction of the click.
Holding down left mouse will also continue firing projectiles.
Need to set an attack speed so the projectiles spawn at reasonable rates.
Make sure projectile is destroyed when, colliding when an enemy or terrain, and/or after a certain range from intial shot. 
Make sure to object pool projectiles. Make sure this pool created more projectiles if non are available as needed.
Make sure projectiles are launched from the players postion. Can be the center of the capsule for now.
Projectiles can damage enemies.
Projectiles can just be a capsule as well.
Power ups drop randomly from enemies.
The user can pick up a power up that makes them faster for a period of time.
The user can pick up a power that gives them a higher attack speed for a perioid of time.

Enemies:
Can be capsules.
Constantly find the shortest path to the user and move towards them.
Rotation needs to match direction of movement.
To keep it simple, with no animations, etc, we can make it where if an enemy colliders with the player they will do damage to the player and after
a timer goes off, lets say 2 seconds or something, than they will do damage again if still in contact with the player or whenever comming into contact
with the player again.
Can make 3 enemy varients for now. A normal speed one that takes 2 hits. A slow one that takes 3 hits and a fast one that takes 1 hit.
Need to spawn randomly from a set of spawn points. Should not be allowed to spawn at spawn points that are too close to the player.
Enemies need object pooled as well.

Game Loop:
User selects difficulties between 1 and 100.
Spawn positioned at center of the floor. 
no enemies for 3 seconds. Show a count down.
Enemies spawn rapidly based on the difficulty selected by the user.
Higher difficulty means more enemies.
Round lasts up to 1 min. 
If the user is still alive, they win. 
If not they lose.